IMPORTANT: The below terms & conditions are binding to all registered customers who buy on this platform.
1. Introduction
https://teemeyou.shop is an online retail store providing great products at discounted pricing. These Terms and Conditions govern your use of our website and services. By accessing or using our services, you agree to be bound by these Terms and comply with the South African Consumer Protection Act, 2008.
2. Product Availability
Tee Me You will make all reasonable efforts to notify you when a product is no longer available once ordered. In these cases, Tee Me You will provide you with:
•	Alternative product options
•	An estimated time of arrival on new stock arriving (goes on back order)
•	A credit on your store credit account
Important: Some items ordered may not be available in the colour or product attribute option selected. Please mention your second option in the customer notes on the checkout page (During Checkout). If an alternative colour or attribute is not available, the value of the item purchased will be given back as store credit.
Don't get discouraged if a product you order is suddenly not available. There's a constant flow of inventory referring to popular and new stock. Your product might be available again in 3 to 6 weeks.
3. Prices and Discounts
All product prices as advertised on our website or as promoted in any customized promotional material are subject to change without prior notice.
All promotions and % discount offers are offered at the discretion of Tee Me You and may be revoked or changed at any time.
4. Order Processing and Cancellation
4.1. Due to our quick processing time, we are not able to cancel the order once payment has been made.
4.2. Please review your order carefully before finalizing your purchase.
5. Quality Checking of Electronic Products
Quality checks are performed on all electronic products before they are shipped to customers. This is a basic quality check to ensure that the product turns on, charges, functions properly, and shows no noticeable damage.
6. Damages and Returns
Our general warranty on all items:
•	Products with a purchase price less than R500:  5-day warranty from date of delivery (to your PUDO locker)
•	Products with a purchase price of R500 or more: 15-day warranty from date of delivery (to your PUDO locker)
Upon receiving your order:
1.	Please make sure you received what you ordered and check that everything is working as it should 
2.	If a product supplied is the wrong product or if the product is received damaged, contact us at sales@teemeyou.shop
3.	For any returns, please email the details of the product, including pictures where applicable, and reference your order number as found on the My Orders page
All products returned to Tee Me You must be returned unused, with all relevant parts, and in the original packaging. After we receive the returned product, we will inspect it and determine the next steps.
Note: Damaged product in this document refers to manufacturing faults only. Damages resulting from accidental or customer negligence do not apply.
Tee Me You is a third-party reseller of goods and cannot be directly held accountable for any injuries or damages a product may cause due to product malfunctions or misuse by the customer.
7. Pick-up and Shipping Information
Tee-Me-You offers PUDO locker delivery throughout South Africa. Please select the correct shipping option and use the View on Google Maps link to ensure you have chosen the nearest PUDO locker to your location at checkout.
Once you have chosen a PUDO locker and made payment for the order, the location of this PUDO locker cannot be changed without incurring additional costs for the customer.
Important shipping notes:
•	It is the customer’s responsibility to choose the correct PUDO locker.
•	The customer is responsible for collecting the order from their chosen PUDO locker within 4 days of delivery.
•	The Customer will be emailed with the PUDO locker details and tracking information.
•	The PUDO tracking information can also be accessed via the My Orders Page on the website.
•	Items will normally be delivered within 5-10 working days after payment is received unless otherwise stated
8. Colour and Size Disclaimer
The details of products, descriptions, or specifications (for example, weight, colour, size, etc.) are only approximate values. There may be slight variations in product design and pattern as compared to the images shown on our website.
Colour Disclaimer:
Due to variations in monitor settings and display output of digital photography, we assume no responsibility and make no guarantees regarding colour matches of products. We cannot guarantee that the colours displayed on our website will exactly match the colour of the product.
Size Disclaimer:
We make every effort to provide accurate information regarding product sizing and dimensions. However, due to the nature of the manufacturing process, product sizing may vary slightly from time to time. Please always allow for 3-5 cm difference.
9. Legal Terms
We reserve the right to refuse orders, cancel any sale, and terminate accounts at our discretion.
This website is governed by the laws of South Africa, and Tee Me You chooses as its domicilium citandi et executandi for all purposes under this agreement, whether in respect of court process, notice, or other documents or communication of whatsoever nature.
Tee Me You may, in its sole discretion, change this agreement or any part thereof at any time without notice.
10. Contact Information
For questions about these Terms & Conditions or any issues:
Email: sales@teemeyou.shop
Website: https://teemeyou.shop
