DuMey Creations, trading as DMC Wholesale is an online retail store, providing great product at discounted pricing.

VERY IMPORTANT - The below terms & conditions are binding to all registered general customers who buy on this platform. All wholesale customers can view their relevant terms and conditions @ Wholesale Customer Terms & Conditions

In this document, the following will be discussed in more detail:

Product Availability
Prices and Discounts 
Quality Checking of Electronic Product
Damages and Returns
Pick Up and Shipping information
Payments and Payment Options
Order Timeline
Colour and Size Disclaimer
 

Product Availability:
There are limited stock of all goods on offer. DMC Wholesale will make all reasonable efforts to notify you when a product is no longer available once ordered. In these cases, DMC Wholesale will provide you with:

alternative product options,
an estimated time of arrival on new stock arriving (goes on back order),
a credit on your next order, or
a refund on request.
Don't get discouraged if a product you order is suddenly not available. There's a constant flow of inventory referring to popular and new stock. Your product might be available again in 3 to 6 weeks. We also host a large variety of product to focus on, with great alternative options to products not immediately available.

 

Prices and Discounts:
All product prices as advertised on our websites or as promoted in any customized promotional material, are subject to change without prior notice.

All promotions and % discount offers, are offered at the discretion of DMC WHOLESALE and may be revoked or changed at any time. 

 

Quality Checking of Electronic Product:
DMC Wholesale quality checks all electronic product before it is sent out to customers. This is a basic quality check, making sure that the product goes on, that the product charges, that the product has basic function, and that the product has no noticeable damage on the product itself.

 

Damages and Returns:
Our general warranty on all items are:

Product with a purchase price less than R500, has a 7 day warranty
Product with a purchase price of R500 or more, has a 30 day warranty
Upon receiving your stock:

Please make sure you received what you ordered and to check that everything is working as it should. 
If a product supplied is the wrong product or if the product is received damaged, follow the below steps:
Communicate any issues to our Customer Care Line (071 525 5803)
You will promptly receive relevant feedback / communication. 
All product returned to DMC Wholesale, must be returned unused, with all the relevant parts of the product, and in the products original packing. 
After we have received the wrong / damaged product back, will we inspect and determine the the way forward. 
Replacement product will be communicated. If for any reason a replacement is not possible, we will provide you with an alternative product options, an estimated time of arrival on new stock arriving (goes on back order), a credit on your next order, or a refund.
Damaged product in this document refers to manufacturing faults only. Damages due to accidental- or customer- neglect do not apply.

Please note that DMC Wholesale is a third party reseller of goods and cannot be directly held accountable for any injuries or damages a product may cause due to product malfunctions or through the wrong- / miss-use on the customers side. 

Any exceptions or uncertainties regarding this Damages / Return policy, can be communicated directly to the Customer Care WhatsApp Line (071 525 5803)

 

Pick-up and Shipping information:
DMC Wholesale is here to assist you with a variety of shipping options. Remember to select the right shipping option @ checkout. 

Pickup order @ Risiville, Meyerton @ R 5.00 admin fee
Ship to Pudo locker @ R 80.00
Ship to Courier Guy kiosk @ R 90.00
Ship to your door @ R 109.00
Although we keep stock of certain items, we promote a huge range of product. For that reason, we need to pre-order stock as needed from our importer. In order to do this as sufficient possible, we consolidate weekly orders by a Monday, 19:00. 

Courier parcels will normally go out on Wednesdays / Thursdays, or as otherwise communicated. In cases where we have stock on hand, we can assist immediately. Where needed, we can always arrange for a urgent consignment from our supplier.  

You are welcome to collect your weekly orders on a Wednesday, Thursday, Friday or Saturday from our location, or as otherwise communicated.

It is important to take note, that:

Due to our quick processing time, we may NOT be able to cancel or modify an order after it has been submitted.
It is your responsibility to choose the correct shipping method.
You can opt for insurance on parcels through Courier Guy. This is usually an additional cost of 2% to 4% of the parcel's total value and will be for the customer's account.
We currently only offer door-to-door delivery and as such P.O. Box addresses are not allowed.
The customer is responsible for ensuring the delivery address is correct.
The customer must make sure that there will be someone at the given address to receive and sign for the product during working hours. 
Items will normally be delivered within 5 - 7 working days after payment was received unless otherwise stated.
Feel free to ask for help @ Customer Care WhatsApp Line (071 525 5803).

 

Payments and Payment Options:
It is very important to note that your payment, confirms your order. No product will be supplied or couriered without payment confirmation.

When an order is placed on our website, a payment option will be required. Choose the relevant option of those provided to you. These option normally include the below:  

Yoco Payment Gateway:
Easily make payments with you debit or credit card, through the Yoco payment gateway.
When selecting this payment option, you will be re-directed to a separate secure payment screen. Just follow the easy instructions to complete your sale.
Payment via Bank EFT:
Paying by bank deposit or Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT).
Please use your NAME and SURENAME as your reference to ensure that we allocate the payment to your order.
WhatsApp your proof of payment to the Customer Care WhatsApp Line (071 525 5803).
Banking details will reflect on the payment screen. Please see below for reference:
DuMey Creations (Pty) Ltd
62913448743
First National Bank
Branch Code 251337
Reference Number: Name + Surname 
 

Order Timeline:
Although we keep stock of certain items, we promote a huge range of product. For that reason, we need to pre-order stock as needed from our importer. In order to do this as sufficient possible, we consolidate weekly orders by a Monday, 19:00. 

Consolidated orders are seen as final and can't be cancelled or changed after the consolidation period. After the consolidation period, all orders are given through to our importer to be picked, packed and shipped to us. From there,

Courier parcels will normally go out on Wednesdays / Thursdays, or as otherwise communicated. In cases where we have stock on hand, we can assist immediately. Where needed, we can always arrange for a urgent consignment from our supplier.  
You are welcome to collect your weekly orders on a Wednesday, Thursday, Friday or Saturday from our location, or as otherwise communicated.
Feel free to communicate urgent order request to the Customer Care WhatsApp Line (071 525 5803).  

 

Colour and Size Disclaimer:
The detail of the products, descriptions or specifications (for example weight, colour, size, etc.) are only approximate values. There may be slight variations in the product design and pattern as compared to the images shown on our website.

Colour Disclaimer:

Due to variations in monitor settings and display output of digital photography, we assume no responsibility and makes no guarantees regarding colour matches of products. We cannot guarantee that the colours displayed on our website will exactly match the colour of the product.

Size Disclaimer:

We make every effort in providing as accurate information as possible in regard to the product sizing and dimensions. However, due to the nature of the manufacturing process, from time to time product sizing may vary slightly. Please always allow for 3-5 cm difference.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

We reserve the right to refuse orders, cancel any sale, and terminate accounts at our discretion.

This website is governed by the laws of South Africa and DuMey Creations chooses as its domicilium citandi et executandi for all purposes under this agreement, whether in respect of court process, notice, or other documents or communication of whatsoever nature.

DuMey Creations may, in its sole discretion, change this agreement or any part thereof at any time without notice.